What am I trying to do to be stingy?
Come and see for yourself.
You don't need to worry about this.
What if you still want to see this little building?
Just be obedient.
Take the blame for An Ran.
Otherwise, what you see,
It can only be from this small building,
yes, yes,
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,
yes, yes,
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
Otherwise, sister
Just go
And the Fang family is also a big family
You won’t suffer any loss if you go there. What a loss.
Then how do you go back by yourself?
Or you find
Then who told you to strike?
in our hands
Give me four thousand
I can give you time to think about it, but
My patience
Not a very good sister
Fuck you
Better think about it carefully
Never
If you go in and don't eat, you will be punished by the police.
Do you think he can be weird?
No matter whether this thing is true or false
Just wait, I will agree
Have you never been a child? You don’t understand?